c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.exe.config
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.exe
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.pdb
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\JunkResourceFinder_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\JunkResourceFinder_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.g.resources
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.exe
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\JunkResourceFinder.pdb
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xrm.Client.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\ExecuteWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Debug\ExecuteWindow.baml
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\FastMember.Signed.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
