c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\JunkResourceFinder.exe.config
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\JunkResourceFinder.exe
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\JunkResourceFinder.pdb
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\ClosedXML.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\FastMember.Signed.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xrm.Client.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\ClosedXML.xml
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\bin\Release\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\ExecuteWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\JunkResourceFinder_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\JunkResourceFinder_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\ExecuteWindow.baml
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\JunkResourceFinder.g.resources
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\JunkResourceFinder.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\JunkResourceFinder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\JunkResourceFinder.exe
c:\users\jebes\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JunkResourceFinder\JunkResourceFinder\obj\Release\JunkResourceFinder.pdb
